Updates for 1.5.1 release (#87)
samtools/htscodecs: NEWS.md

Release 1.5.1: 19th July 2023
-----------------------------

This release is mainly small updates and bug fixes focusing on
specific platforms, with no new features added.

Changes

- Be more selective in use of AVX512 on AMD Zen4 processors.  This can
  be faster (e.g. with 64-way unrolling), but in the current rANS codec
  implementations AVX2 is faster for certain operations (PR#85).

- Add config.h to test programs to help them pick up definitions such
  as XOPEN_SOURCE (PR#84)

- Add FreeBSD to CI testing (PR#83)

Bug fixes

- Trivial bug fix to the rans4x16pr test harness when given
  incompressible data (PR#86).

> - Improve ARM NEON checks to be AArch64 and exclude AArch32 systems.
>   (Issue#81, reported by Robert Clausecker)

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
- Make ARM NEON checks specific to AArch64 and exclude AArch32 systems.
  (PR#82 to fix issue#81, reported by Robert Clausecker)
```
